title      From All Thy Saints in Warfare
music      https://www.christkirk.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/From-All-Thy-Saints-in-Warfare-1.pdf

status     header  tune  double  checked  lyrics

import     ../Easter/tunes/KINGS LYNN

verse      From    all    Thy  saints in     war  - fare, for     all     Thy   saints at      rest,
verse      Praise, Lord,  for  Thine  a  -   pos  - tle,  the     first   to    wel  -  come   Thee,
verse      All     praise for  Thine  a  -   pos  - tle,  whose   short   lived doubt - ings   prove
verse      Praise  for    the  first  of     mar  - tyrs, who     saw     Thee  read  - y      stand
verse      Praise  for    the  loved  di -   sci  - ple,  ex  -   iled    on    Pat  -  mos'   shore;
verse      Praise  for    Thy  in  -  fant   mar  - tyrs, by      Thee    with  ten  -  der'st love
verse      Praise  for    the  light  from   heav - en,   praise  for     the   voice   of     awe,
verse      All     praise for  Thine  a  -   pos  - tle,  bless'd guide   to    Greek   and    Jew,
verse      We      praise Thee for    the    Bap  - tist, fore -  run  -  ner   of      the    Word,
verse      Praise  for    Thy  great  a  -   pos  - tle,  the     eag  -  er    and     the    bold;
verse      For     that   be - loved  Phy -  si   - cian, all     praise, whose Gos  -  pel    shows
verse      Praise, Lord,  for  Thine  a  -   pos  - tles, who     sealed  their fate    to  -  day:
verse      A   -   post - les, pro -  phets, mar  - tyrs, and     all     the   sa  -   cred   throng,
verse      Then    praise we   God    the    Fa   - ther, and     praise  we    God     the    Son,

verse      To     Thee,  O     bless - ed    Je   -  sus,   all    prais - es    be      ad -  dressed;
verse      The    first  to    lead    his   broth - er     the    ver  -  y     Christ  to    see.
verse      Thy    per -  fect  two  -  fold  na   -  ture,  they   full -  ness  of      Thy   love.
verse      To     aid    in    midst   of    tor  -  ments, to     plead   at    God's   right hand.
verse      Praise for    the   faith - ful   re   -  cord   He     to      Thy   God  -  head  bore,
verse      Called ear -  ly    from    the   war  -  fare   to     share   the   rest    a  -  bove.
verse      Praise for    the   glo  -  rious vi   -  sion   the    per  -  se -  cut  -  or    saw.
verse      And    him    sur - named   Thy   broth - er;    keep   us      Thine breth - ren   true,
verse      Our    true   E  -  li   -  as,   mak  -  ing    a      high  - way   for     the   Lord.
verse      Thrice fall - ing,  yet     re -  pen  -  tant,  thrice charged to    keep    Thy   fold.
verse      The    heal - er    of      the   na   -  tions, the    shar -  er    of      our   woes.
verse      One    love,  one   zeal,   im -  pelled  them   to     tread   the   sa   -  cred  way.
verse      Who    wear   the   spot -  less  rai  -  ment,  who    raise   the   cease - less  song,
verse      And    God    the   Ho   -  ly    Spir -  it,    e  -   ter  -  nal   Three   in    One;

verse      Thou,  Lord,   didst  win   the   bat  -  tle,  that    they    might     con -  qu'rors be;
verse      With   hearts  for    Thee  made  read -  y,    watch   we      through - out    the     year,
verse      On     all     who    wait  Thy   com  -  ing   shed    forth   Thy       peace, O       Lord,
verse      Share  we      with   Him,  if    sum  -  moned by      death   our       Lord   to      own.
verse      Praise for     the    mys - tic   vi   -  sion  through him     to        us     re   -  vealed.
verse      O      Ra   -  chel!  cease thy   weep -  ing:  they    rest    from      pains  and     cares.
verse      Thee,  Lord,   for    his   con - ver  -  sion, we      glo  -  ri    -   fy     to   -  day;
verse      And    grant   us     grace to    know    Thee, the     way,    the       truth, the     life;
verse      Of     proph - ets    last  and   great - est,  we      saw     thy       dawn - ing     ray:
verse      Lord,  make    Thy    pas - tors  faith - ful   to      guard   their     flocks from    ill,
verse      Thy    wine    and    oil,  O     Sav  -  iour, and     bruised hearts    deign  to      pour,
verse      May    we      with   zeal  as    ear  -  nest  the     faith   of        Christ main -  tain,
verse      For    these,  passed on    be -  fore    us,   Sav  -  iour,   we        Thee   a   -   dore,
verse      Till   all     the    ran - somed num  -  ber   fall    down    be   -    fore   the     throne,

verse      Their crowns  of   liv  -  ing    glo   - ry     are   lit    with  rays  from   Thee.
verse      For - ward    to   lead    our    breth - ren    to    own    Thine Ad  -  vent  near.
verse      And   grant   us   faith   to     know    Thee   true  man,   true  God    a  -  dored.
verse      On    earth   the  faith - ful    wit  -  ness,  in    heav'n the   mar -  tyr's crown.
verse      May   we,     in   pa  -   tience wait -  ing,   with  Thine  e  -  lect   be    sealed.
verse      Lord, grants  us   hearts  as     guile - less   and   crowns as    bright as    theirs.
verse      So    light - en   all     our    dark -  ness   with  Thy    true  Spi -  rit's ray.
verse      To    wres -  tle  with    temp - ta   -  tion   still vic -  tors  in     the   strife.
verse      Make  us      the  rath -  er     bless - ed     who   love   thy   glo -  rious day.
verse      And   grant   them daunt - less   cour -  age,   with  hum -  ble,  ear -  nest  will.
verse      And   with    true balm    of     Gile -  ad     an  - oint   us    e   -  ver - more.
verse      And,  bound   in   love    as     breth - ren,   at    length Thy   rest   at  - tain.
verse      And,  walk -  ing  in      their  foot -  steps, would serve  Thee  more   and   more.
verse      And   hon  -  or,  pow'r,  and    glo  -  ry     a  -  scribe to    God    a  -  lone.